How long has this been waiting?
How could this box of broken paper be turned into money?
How many times has Mr. Xia lied to you?
How can you still believe him?
Dad?
I deserve to make this world
I shouldn't have believed him
Go away
A waste that can't even support his wife and children
I said cool sister
In this era, workers go to work, who will bring money out?
Let people raise money, don't give people time to go home and get it
Come on, Yiqiu
We don't have time to waste time with you here
Are you forcing me to leave in person?
Mr. Xia
Mr. Xia, I want to buy that bond
100 bucks for bonds, right?
I'll register you.
OK
Take this, okay?
Look at this, isn't someone coming to buy it?
Just raised 100 bucks
I don't know, I thought I raised 1 million
Mr. Xia, we also want to buy that bond
I'll buy it for 200 bucks, I'll buy it for 500 bucks
I borrowed some money from a relative
I'll take 2,000.
Me, too.
I want to buy it too, don't worry, don't worry, don't worry
Yes, everyone has it
Everyone line up
Come here to register.
500500500500 Okay.
Tell me again
I didn't expect you to be so capable
How? How much?
Is there 200,000?
More than 200,000
What's 1 million?